Independent disk new properties support added which are supported from API version 36.0 (#436)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.15.0/436-improvements.md

> * Disk methods have now the ability to access new properties from API version 36.0. They are: `DiskRecordType.SharingType`, `DiskRecordType.UUID`, `DiskRecordType.Encrypted`, `Disk.SharingType`, `Disk.UUID` and `Disk.Encrypted`. Also, new method added `Disk.GetAttachedVmsHrefs [GH-436]

Reviewer: > Also, new method added `Disk.GetAttachedVmsHrefs [GH-436]

This new feature is unrelated to the new fields? If yes, it deserves a separate bullet point in the changelog.

Author: changed

> * Disk methods have now the ability to access new properties from API version 36.0. They are: `DiskRecordType.SharingType`, `DiskRecordType.UUID`, `DiskRecordType.Encrypted`, `Disk.SharingType`, `Disk.UUID` and `Disk.Encrypted`. Also, new method added `Disk.GetAttachedVmsHrefs`. `Vms.VmReference` changed to array to fix not correct deserialization [GH-436]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Disk methods have now the ability to access new properties from API version 36.0. They are: `DiskRecordType.SharingType`, `DiskRecordType.UUID`, `DiskRecordType.Encrypted`, `Disk.SharingType`, `Disk.UUID` and `Disk.Encrypted`. Also, new method added `Disk.GetAttachedVmsHrefs`. `Vms.VmReference` changed to array to fix incorrect deserialization [GH-436]
```

Author: updated

> * Disk methods have now the ability to access new properties from API version 36.0. They are: `DiskRecordType.SharingType`, `DiskRecordType.UUID`, `DiskRecordType.Encrypted`, `Disk.SharingType`, `Disk.UUID` and `Disk.Encrypted`. Also, new method added `Disk.GetAttachedVmsHrefs`. `Vms.VmReference` changed to array to fix not correct deserialization [GH-436]

Reviewer 2: IMO the `Vms.VmReference changed to array to fix not correct deserialization` is also worth a `bugfix` entry for `VmReference`field. That automatically explains why a breaking change is done in structure + is easier to spot for someone looking bugfixes.

Author: moved to separate changelog bug fixes file
